TELCODOCS-347-SNO-DU-INSTALL (#42471)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sno-du-configuring-the-infrastructure-to-include-ntp.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/sno-du-deploying-clusters-on-single-nodes.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="sno-du-configuring-the-infrastructure-to-include-ntp_{context}"]

> = Configuring the infrastructure to include NTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring cluster installation parameters in InfraEnv CR
```

Author: changed.

> = Configuring the infrastructure to include NTP

Author: Changed. See below.

> To ensure that the certificates install correctly, Network Time Protocol (NTP) is required for a short period of time.
> This configuration enables this for the pull secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InfraEnv CR contains cluster configuration attributes required for installation including the pull secret used to obtain OCP, a reference to the included NMStateConfig CRs, ssh public key for post-installation SSH access to the node, and additional NTP sources. To ensure that the certificates correctly validate, accurate time on the nodes is required. Correct configuration of Network Time Protocol (NTP) is required to ensure system time is accurate during installation.
```

Author: changed.
